Visit 访问

Completely reinstall this software 完全重新安装此软件

Close any software that occupies 443 or 42098 port 关闭任何占用443或42098端口的软件

Add this software into antivirus whitelist 将本软件加入杀毒软件白名单

Run in administrator mode 以管理员模式运行

Backend server start failed. You must fix this problem before you can use this software. Try the following and restart this application: 
 后端服务器启动失败, 您必须解决此问题才能使用此软件, 尝试以下操作并重新启动此应用程序：
 
This license is blocked, please contact author. 此许可证已被禁止使用，请联系作者。

This license is blocked 此许可证已被禁止使用

This device is blocked, please contact author. 此设备已被禁止使用，请联系作者。

Device is blocked 此设备已被禁止使用

This version is too old. Please update to the latest version. All functions will be disabled. 
 该版本已经停止支持，在更新到最新版本之前，停止使用所有功能
 
How to use this? 如何使用此功能

You can change the color of the ground texture either on the world map or while you are flying. The color changes will take effect when new images are loaded.
 您可以在世界地图上或飞行时更改地面纹理的颜色，颜色更改将在加载新图像时生效。
 
If you have enabled the “Rolling cache” feature in the game, you might not notice the difference. Please disable it to see the changes.
 如果您在游戏中启用了“滚动缓存”功能，您可能不会注意到其中的区别， 请禁用“滚动缓存”功能以查看更改。
 
Current map:  当前地图：

Red 红色

Green 绿色

Blue 蓝色

Brightness 明亮程度

Contrast 对比度

Saturation 饱和度

For Chinese users 对于中国用户

Google Maps Server (Pro) provides tuned color and resolution. In some places, Google servers are blocked. You should set up a proxy first.
 Google Maps Server (Pro) 提供经过调整的颜色和分辨率。在某些地方，谷歌服务器不能访问，您应该先设置代理。
 
Server 1 has 4 load-balanced servers and the mod will randomly pick one to use. 
 Google Maps Server 1 有4个负载平衡服务器，插件会随机选择一个使用。
 
Server 2 is a backup of Server 1 and only has one server to use.  
 Google Maps Server 2 是 Google Maps Server 1 的备份，只有一台服务器可以使用。
 
Apple Map satellite images. Please only use for entertainment purposes.
 Apple Map 卫星图像，请仅用于娱乐目的。

HighLOD is enabled by default. HighLOD 默认开启。

Mapbox provides better and newer images in some places. The Pro version doesn't require a token compared to the free version.
 Mapbox 在某些地方提供了更好和更新的图像, 与免费版相比, Pro 不需要令牌。

Google Maps Server provides the best resolution when flying low and seems very up-to-date.
 谷歌地图服务器在低空飞行时提供最佳分辨率，而且看起来是最新的。
 
The free version has the original color from Google Maps and the data may be older than the Pro version.
 免费版具有来自 Google 地图的原始颜色，数据可能比专业版旧。
 
In some places, Google servers are blocked. You should set up a proxy first.
 在某些地方，谷歌服务器不能访问，您应该先设置代理。
 
MSFS's Bing Map is quite old in the game. Selecting this will replace the Bing Map with the latest Bing Map
 MSFS 的 Bing 地图在游戏中相当古老。 选择此项会将 Bing 地图替换为最新的 Bing 地图
 
ArcGIS Server provides more natural color than Google Server in some areas, but it lacks high-resolution data when flying low. 
 ArcGIS Server 在某些区域提供比 Google Server 更自然的颜色，但在低空飞行时缺乏高分辨率数据。
 
Some areas have different satellite images in different resolutions, so you will see image changes when flying low.
 有些地区有不同分辨率的不同卫星图像，所以当你低空飞行时你会看到图像变化。

ArcGIS Server does not need to use a proxy. ArcGIS Server 不需要代理。

Mapbox provides better and newer images in some places, please sign up a free key in
 Mapbox 在某些地方提供了更好和更新的图像，请到官网注册免费密钥

and input it in config. 然后填入设置的Mapbox选项

Mapbox access token provides 200,000 tiles for free, please consider using the Rolling Cache inside the game or enabling the Cache inside this mod.
 Mapbox 访问令牌免费提供 200,000 个图块，请考虑在游戏中使用滚动缓存或在本模组中启用缓存。
 
WARNING: There are several users who have told me that they get huge billing from Mapbox. Please note that this app consumes images very quickly, especially when HighLOD is turned on.
 注意！有部分用户告诉我他们从 Mapbox 获得了巨额账单。请注意，此应用程序消耗图像的速度非常快，尤其是在打开 HighLOD 时。
 
Start MSFS on mod start 在插件启动时启动 MSFS

When enabled, the image server loads 4 images from the next LOD level. For example, when MSFS2020 requests images from level 19, the image server loads 4 images from level 19 and merges them. The image sent to MSFS2020 is a 512*512 image compared to the original 256*256 image.
 启用后，图像服务器从下一个 LOD 级别加载 4 个图像。例如，当MSFS2020从19级请求图像时，图像服务器从19级加载4张图像并合并它们。 与原始 256*256 图像相比，发送到 MSFS2020 的图像是 512*512 图像。（意思就是图更加高清）
 
It is recommended to enable cache to increase loading speed and save bandwidth. 
 建议启用缓存以提高加载速度并节省流量。

Start Options 启动选项

Go to tray when close application 关闭应用程序时，最小化到托盘

Game Store 游戏商店版本

Go to tray after start 启动后自动转到系统托盘

Map options 地图设置

Although this can provide higher resolution and improve image quality, loading speed may slow because 4x images need to be loaded.
 虽然这可以提供更高的分辨率并提高图像质量，但加载速度可能会变慢，因为需要加载 4x 图像。
 
High LOD Enabled High LOD 开启

Mapbox provides better and newer images in some places. Please sign up for a free key at
 Mapbox 在某些地方提供了更好和更新的图像。 请点击链接注册免费密钥
 
and input it below. 并填入

Mapbox access token only provides 200,000 tiles for free and can be used up easily. Some people have already received bills of over $200 from Mapbox. Please monitor your usage carefully.
 Mapbox access token 只免费提供 200,000个图片，很容易用完。有些人已经从 Mapbox 收到了超过200美元的账单，请仔细监控您的使用情况。
 
Auto start mod 自动开启插件

Cache options 缓存设置

The cache is used to speed up satellite image loading when MSFS2020's Rolling Cache is disabled. MSFS2020's Rolling Cache may cause issues when switching maps.
 插件缓存用于在禁用MSFS2020里的滚动缓存时加速卫星图像加载， MSFS2020的滚动缓存可能会导致切换地图时出现问题。
 
Rolling Cache can be turned on while the mod's cache is on if you stick to one server provider.
 如果您一直在使用一个地图服务器，则可以在插件的缓存打开时打开MSFS2020的滚动缓存。
 
The cache file can't be set to the rolling game file; they are different.
 缓存文件不能设置为滚动游戏文件，这两个文件是不同的。
 
Cache Enabled 缓存开启

Path 路径

Choose cache file 选择缓存文件

Use default location 使用默认路径

Clearing cache 清除缓存

Please wait a while 请等待

Clean cache failed. If the file is locked you can try to close this application and delete the file.
 清理缓存失败。如果文件被锁定，您可以尝试关闭此应用程序并删除该文件。
 
Cache deleted 缓存已删除

Cache file size limit GB (0 means unlimited) 
 缓存文件大小限制 GB（0 表示无限制）

when the limitation is reached the application will stop putting new content in.
 当达到限制时，应用程序将停止添加新内容。
 
Proxy Settings 代理设置

same as 例如

If you need a proxy to access Google, please fill in the proxy address in the format http://ip:port or socks5://ip:port. Leave it blank if you don't need a proxy to access Google.
 如果您需要代理访问Google，请填写代理地址，格式为http://ip:port 或socks5://ip:port。如果您不需要代理来访问 Google，请将其留空。
 
HTTP Proxy or Socks5 Proxy HTTP 代理或 Socks5 代理

Proxy test started 代理测试开始

Please wait several seconds 请等待几秒钟

Proxy test passed 代理测试通过

Proxy test failed 代理测试失败

Test Proxy 测试代理状态

Network Setting 网络设置

Network profile 网络概况

This is the default network configuration that was used before version 7.1.3. It is generally more stable and reliable.
 这是 7.1.3 版本之前使用的默认网络配置。 它通常更加稳定和可靠。
 
This is a new network configuration that has been fine-tuned for better performance.
 这是一种新的网络配置，经过微调以获得更好的性能。
 
If you encounter any network problems, such as getting stuck on the loading screen, slow game loading speed, or ground texture not loading properly, please try switching the network profile. The change will take effect immediately.
 如果您遇到任何网络问题，例如加载画面卡住、游戏加载速度慢或地面纹理无法正常加载，请尝试切换网络配置文件。更改将立即生效。
 
Privacy 隐私条款

To help me get enough data to improve this application, please let it enabled. If you have any concern, you can turn it off.
 为了帮助我获得足够的数据来改进此应用程序，请启用它。如果您有任何疑问或者担心，可以将其关闭。
 
Allow collecting anonymous logs to remote server 允许收集匿名日志到远程服务器

Update channel 版本选择

The application is stable. Choosing this version will only get you the stable version.
 应用处于稳定版，选择此版本只会为您提供稳定版本。
 
means the application works, but may have some bugs. 表示应用程序可以运行，但可能存在一些错误。

means the application is not stable and is in active development. 表示应用程序不稳定并且正在积极开发中。

Latest stable version 最新稳定版本

Reset to default 重置设置为默认设置

License 授权

Please select a valid license file. 请选择有效的授权文件。

Open license file failed 打开授权文件失败

Buy a license 购买授权

Name 购买用户名

to generate a new one. 去重新生成一个授权文件

If you changed your hardware or reinstalled system, please follow 如果您更改了硬件或重新安装了系统，请按照

Copy device id 复制设备ID

Device Id 设备ID

Clear license file failed 清除授权文件失败

Error response: 错误：

Open license 选择授权文件

Clear license 清除授权

No license 无授权

Email 邮箱

Validate to 授权有效期

Map Enhancement MSFS2020 地图增强器

Photo by 照片拍摄于：

Reload 重新加载

For Chinese users 对于中国用户

to purchase a license 购买许可证

This map server requires a license. Please activate your license first. 该地图需要Pro 授权，请点击授权进行购买

Need license 需要授权

Software is blocked 软件被锁定

Please download latest version or contact author for help 请下载最新版本或联系作者寻求帮助

to retry 重试

Please restart the app or press 请重新启动应用程序或按

Also, please check if any application is occupying ports 443 or 42098. The app must be running in administrator mode.
 另外，请检查是否有任何应用程序占用了443或42098端口，该应用程序必须在管理员模式下运行。
 
Create a new hosts file 选择新的Host文件

Disable any global proxies 禁用所有全局代理

Image server test failed 地图服务器测试失败

If you are using a proxy to connect to the remote server, please ensure that the proxy is working. 
 如果您使用代理连接远程服务器，请确保代理正常工作。
 
Please also visit 还请访问

Turn off your antivirus and restart your computer. 关闭杀毒软件并重新启动计算机。

Run as administrator. 以管理员身份运行。

Unable to patch hosts file. Please try:  无法修补Host文， 请尝试：

Apply hosts change failed 应用主机更改失败

Check if any tools inside your antivirus are protecting your system 检查杀毒软件中的任何工具是否正在保护您的系统

Try adding this mod to the whitelist 尝试将此插件添加到白名单

Try turning off your antivirus and restarting your computer 尝试关闭杀毒软件并重新启动计算机

Can't install certificate, please try: 无法安装证书，请尝试：

Install certificate error 安装证书错误

Please switch to a different server. Otherwise, MSFS2020 will fail to load. 请使用不同的服务器。否则，MSFS2020将无法加载。

Unable to access remote image server 无法访问远程地图服务器

Select a map 选择一个地图

Please wait a moment and try again. 请稍等片刻，然后重试。

Backend server is starting 后端服务器正在启动

Backend server start failed 后端服务器启动失败

MS server override is not working MSFS2020 地图覆盖不起作用

Please try: 请尝试：

Disable any game accelerator 禁用任何游戏加速器

in your browser. You may be blocked by Google due to a large number of requests.  
 在您的浏览器中, 由于大量请求，您可能会被 Google 屏蔽。
 
If you are using Google Maps, please ensure that you can open 如果您使用的是Google地图，请确保您可以打开地图

Check if any tools inside your antivirus are protecting your system. 检查杀毒软件中是否有任何工具正在保护您的系统。

For more information, please visit the 欲了解更多信息，请访问

Add this mod into white list. 将此插件添加到白名单中。

for more information. 了解更多信息。

Reset 重置

Select a mixed map 选择混合地图

Start 开始

Start（name）首页

Note 关于

Please first visit 请先访问

for common issues. Most issues are explained and can be solved there. 对于常见问题。 大多数问题都可以在那里得到解释和解决。

If you still can't fix it or have other issues, please provide this information and also log file for me and raise an issue:
 如果您仍然无法修复它或遇到其他问题，请为开发者提供此信息和日志文件并提出问题：
  
Create a new issue 
 新建一个问题

Color（name）颜色

License （name）授权

Help （name）帮助

Loaded Images 加载的地图图片

Current Image 当前图像

Image From Cache 来自缓存的图像

Image server error 地图服务器错误

Restore hosts file failed 恢复Host文件失败

Normal LOD 正常LOD

High LOD 高LOD

Total data 总数据大小

Cache Size 缓存大小

Settings 设置

Detail:  详细：

国外地图需要在Select mixed map中选择一个国外源，当从国内飞国外时会自动切换。
 国外地图需要在选择混合地图中选择一个国外源，当从国内飞国外时会自动切换。
 
2021年中国超清地图
 中国定制超清地图2021年最新地图

When enable this option, the image server will load HD images when you are flying. This will provide better loading speed.
 启用此选项后，替换插件将在您飞行时加载高清图像。 这将提供更好的加载速度。

Load High LOD images only when flying
 仅在飞行时加载高 LOD 图像

Hybrid map is a mix of satellite images where it fits best, maps will automatically change during the fly. For example, use bing maps in Greenland, mapbox pro in Iceland and China HD 2022 for China, ArcGIS for ALASKA. This feature is under development and welcome your feedback.
 混合地图是在飞行过程中自动选择适合该地区的地图服务器。例如，在格陵兰岛使用 Bing 地图，在冰岛使用 Mapbox pro，在中国使用 China HD 2022，在阿拉斯加使用 ArcGIS。该功能正在开发中，欢迎您的反馈。

Select a fallback map when no special map is select for the area.
 当该区域没有选择指定地图时，将选择备用地图服务。

To see the coverage and maps, please click here
 要查看覆盖范围和地图，请单击此处

To give feedback, please click here
 要提供反馈，请点击此处

To change the hybrid map at current stage, please look at
 现阶段要更改混合地图，请查看

Please put the cache file into SSD. If you put it into HDD and the read/write performance is bad, the cache will be disabled automatically to prevent image loading issue.
 请将缓存文件放入SSD。 如果将其放入HDD并且读写性能较差，缓存将自动禁用以防止图像加载问题。

How to change hybrid map
 如何更改混合地图

Select a fallback map
 选择备用地图

If you have good ideas, please
 如果你有好的意见，请

let me know
让我知道

Mapbox provides better and newer images in some places.
 Mapbox 在某些地方提供了更好、更新的图像，并且Pro不需要填写Token即可使用

Latitude
 维度

Longitude
 经度

Published at
 推送日期

Loading release data...
 加载更新日志中.....

About
 关于

This app is built by He Sicong.
 软件作者：He Sicong

Special thanks to CSC7520, CES2395 for providing their screenshots.
 特别感谢 CSC7520、CES2395 提供截图。

Most issues are explained and can be solved there.
 大多数都可以在这里得到解决。

for manual and common issues.
 对于常见问题，

and cause artifacts. 
 并造成鬼影。

The cache file can't be set to the rolling game file, they are different.
 缓存文件不能设置为游戏内滚动文件，这两个文件是不同的。

Set the level of logging. Debug will log everything, Info will log only info and above. Don't use Debug unless you are debugging, it will impact performance.
  设置日志记录级别，Debug 将会记录所有内容，Info 将仅调试有关信息，除非正在调试，否则不要使用 Debug，否则会影响性能。

Request failed with status code 500
 请求失败，状态码 500
 